Chapter 16: Torture
-----------

Surprise: Jade feels bad about torture! No, she doesn't like herself doing all that stuff. Ladies & gentlemen, please welcome the scrupulous supervillain! Thought you might wanna read something funny here. I mean okay, it's not funny! Torture is not cool. Killing people is A-okay, but torturing them is not. It's almost always totally pointless. The Charon affair was haunting her so much that she couldn't resist the urge to share it with the person she claims to love more than anything, which happens to be me. She was crying & shouting quite a lot, and then she just kept saying how much she loves me and that she won't let anybody hurt me while embracing me so forcefully that she almost broke my ribs. It was really moving!

Torture is very strictly regulated by a special amendment to the ExCom charter since 1983. No other committees are permitted to authorize any kind of it under any circumstances. Whatever happens, they need to get a very clearly worded ExCom authorization which they never manage to get. These "extraordinary" chaps seem to be very proud of their privilege.

Before 1983 it was simply forbibben for everyone, including ExCom. The problem was that the exes were still doing it. High-ranking officers they couldn't just remove, like Jade's father. He was one of the amendment's architects, becoming the general executive of the whole committee (for a short while) and the initial organizer of the black swan units later on. Those are grouped together in the Joint Strategic Operations Committee, which is a sub-committee of ExCom. Many of his strange novel ideas were implemented within the much larger DefCom as well. The guy has a PhD in Social Psychology and the equivalent of a master's degree in Anthropology, and he happens to be a skilled martial artist - though not as good as his former wife and not nearly as good as his daughter, but still pretty good.

There are two acceptable justifications of torture according to that special amendment: interrogation and retribution. The former has been mostly phased out in favour of gentler methods by now, but the latter is still being practiced. It is meant to break the will of powerful people assuming their powers & privilege in unfair ways - the remnants of the capitalistic ruling class. In other words: the merchants & their friends... Well, mostly! The Merchant Committee was established to harness the skills of bankers, brokers, marketers, etc. for the good of society while preventing them from reaping the fruit of other people's work, not to mention turning their fortunes into political power, as much as possible. Needless to say, the charm doesn't always work.

But it's not just them. A victim of "justifiable torture" can be anyone who did something profoundly against the "values & interests" of the Commune from a position of power. Powerless people cannot be tortured - that's a very strong rule. As a matter of fact, exes who torture without proper justification & measure are up for grabs just as well. That's how Jade managed to bring many of her collegues down, and that's how she was brought down by them later on - only to resurrect like a phoenix. But then, what's the measure of power? It's a very brutal system and I don't know how much it works if it works at all, but that's how it goes within the realms of the Commune. We don't turn the other cheek. She really doesn't seem to like torturing people, or at least she doesn't like the fact that she likes it, but still she seems to be doing it an afwul lot. Let's just hope they won't do it against her someday! Or did they already?

Well, she says they did. They do some pretty gruesome shit to all the high-ranking officers of ExCom just to show them how it feels, but to her they did a lot more. She says she has grown "resistant" to many kinds of torture, but she's not willing to talk about the topic any longer.

I think I can understand that!
