Chapter 20: Tyrion
-----------

Alright, then let's do some spoiler here!

Jade has given me a son we named Tyrion Lansky. We liked the sound of that name, plus we were informed in advance by the Genetics & Cybernetics department of the hospital that the infant's body will grow slower than usual. I kept calling him half-man during his entire life whenever I was angry with him or just pulling his leg. She took her mother's last name and so did I. It was "not my choice", just like sleeping with Avital at least a thousand times. She was allowed to keep her last name as the Zeronis were a very large & powerful dinasty as well. The two families have been fighting each other with varying intensity since the very first days of the Commune's existence. As you might have figured out by now, I was very much in the Lansky camp as the general executive of ExCom. Though we were quite numerous, no one else in the dinasty was called Daniel as it sounded much too vulgar for them. They preferred names from myths, fairytales & fantasy fiction - even the reactionary Mr Tolkien. One of my cousins in law was called Arwen. The media kept referring to me as the Iron Fist of the Empress until my retirement, even though I was mostly relegated to child-rearing and massive amounts of sex with Jade's inner circle of beautiful dominatrices including Field Marshal Shay Lemberg, and her relatives including Arwen Lansky, and of course Jade herself - last, but not least. The greatest glory of my life was shooting a lunatic President of the Commune, colloquially known as Viktor the Mad King, with a Dragunov. That's basically why I was called the Iron Fist. I broke the law, theoretically speaking...

Tyrion was our only child, but he was everything but a half-man. He had the Jade's phenomenal dexterity and manipulative skills combined with the intellectual prowess of Celine, formerly known as ARK37. He inherited some of my popular personality traits as well, so his women loved to treat him the same way. He was a real stud! He was already killing people & conspiring to dominate the rest by the age of five. According to family history, Jade started at the age of seven when her mother took her to Pakistan. Needless to say, Celine became a very influential member of that inner circle after getting her precious body from Dr Reynhold Kessler - a guy who was later re-elected as the general executive of the Service Committee (responsible for health & education & regular police) for three consecutive terms just like Jade's granddad. On the other hand, he was a hundred times more copacetic than any Lansky, including me the Kingslayer. The girls fixed him up with some shit.

According to a prophecy of some ancient Jewish guys from another planet, Jade will ultimately unite the three human realms plus many other places under a single banner and she's gonna stay in charge for a while. She was Malka Olam: the queen of the world destined to bring order & justice to the known universe, fulfilling the purpose of all creation. Now I guess they didn't write anything like that in the Tanakh, but I really don't want to spoil their fun. The third realm was this ancient Jewish civilization, reachable from a second portal situated on the planet I was born on. Otherwise, all three planets looked identical and they belonged to the same physical universe. The Commune has managed to invade my birth place with two colossal supercarriers named Westeros & Essos. DefCom executives were convinced that my kin will be blown away by the fact that they are ambushed by their own fantasies. We kept saying that we have no choice because of the planet's dangerous warming, and the people believed us all along. Basically, we were right anyway. The carriers were seventy kilometers long and their diameters were seventeen. Nothing fancy from the outside, just two big cylinders rotating around the main axis to provide artificial gravity. They just keep getting bigger & bigger as you approach. These cylinders were escorted by a hundred dropships that looked like An-225 cargo planes except that they were ten times larger and driven by engines that collide protons with anti-protons in the middle of the chamber. Yes, this sounds a bit like L. Ron Hubbard indeed. It was not my idea. Like I said, I was mostly relegated to child-minding and sex. There were a thousand smaller ships as well, one of which was actually named Daenerys Targaryen: a corvette I hitch-hiked on my way to the Westeros with some of my friends & lady-friends. The guys at the landing bay kept throwing us kisses because Emilia Clarke's face was painted on the fuselage. We had a skirmish with some bullshit spacecraft of some bullshit reactionary country while reaching orbit, so the sudden movements made me almost throw up. They started firing rockets at a nearby surveillance drone and we don't like that. Hundreds of their soldiers perished that day, but at least the explosions looked good from those fake windows which are actually LCD screens. Many thousands have perished later.

Okay, that's the spoiler for this week-end. Sleep well, kids!

P.s. the warheads contained a modified version of the serum, just in case you didn't figure that out.

They were called the Velvet Fist missiles. We always had thousands of them in stock.
